update to v5.1.0 (#1429)
mandiant/capa: CHANGELOG.md

## master (unreleased)

### New Features

### Breaking Changes

### New Rules (0)

-

### Bug Fixes

### capa explorer IDA Pro plugin

### Development

### Raw diffs
- [capa v5.1.0...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa/compare/v5.1.0...master)
- [capa-rules v5.1.0...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa-rules/compare/v5.1.0...master)

## v5.1.0

> capa version 5.1.0 adds a Protocol Buffers (protobuf) format for result documents. Additionally, the Binary Ninja team contributed a new feature extractor. Other new features are a new CLI flag to override the detected operating system, functionality to read and render result documents, and a change to the output color format for easier readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capa version 5.1.0 adds a Protocol Buffers (protobuf) format for result documents. Additionally, the [Vector35](https://vector35.com/) team contributed a new feature extractor using Binary Ninja. Other new features are a new CLI flag to override the detected operating system, functionality to read and render existing result documents, and a output color format that's easier to read.
```
